todo.md, before:

# Mano
- [X] test lambda2=1e-3 regularization
- [X] compute reference likelihood3 on a 20x20x20 grid
- [X] send Benji .nc cases
- [X] Sobol
- [X] saving/plotting of MCMC
- [ ] optimal number of samples? --> open question with MCMC
- [X] check Souza implementation (useless)
- [ ] fix emdf_ocean for small ap = False (causes many divergent values)
- [ ] check pelletier paper on Sobol
- [ ] check 2nd order sobol indices

Discussion with Maurice Brémond (automatic diff tool Tapenade):
- réécrire fontion cout en fortan
- appliquer tapenade dessus --> obtenir l’adjoint (mieux que le tangent)
    - il y a une option pour avoir tout dans le même .f90. Mieux pour éviter les pb de compil. Si ça bug trop, utiliser l’option pour séparer, mais il faut mettre tous les fichiers à compiler à la main
- utiliser f2py pour avoir cout et adjoint en python
- utiliser cout et adjoint pour MCMC
  
- [ ] Implement Hightune ??


- [ ] redo the two inferences with NaN fixed (start with 3 parameters Cent, ap0, wp_bp)

# Benji
- [X] implement MCMC
- [ ] methods to diagnose MCMC (check how good the MCMC is): put it in appendix of paper
- [ ] how to save MCMC - MAP


# Sobol
- [X] plot results
- [ ] check if WANG1 is working
- [X] check default params comapred to paper
- [X] test sentivity to nulber of samples, for FC500 only : 512 (40mn), 1024 (15mn BIZARRE), 2048 (30mn)
- [ ] (optional) do sensitivity to mean_u and mean_v outputs for WANG1

Commit message:

sobol analysis from precomputed samples + total index (NOT WORKING)

todo.md, after:

# Mano
- [X] test lambda2=1e-3 regularization
- [X] compute reference likelihood3 on a 20x20x20 grid
- [X] send Benji .nc cases
- [X] Sobol
- [X] saving/plotting of MCMC
- [ ] optimal number of samples? --> open question with MCMC
- [X] check Souza implementation (useless)
- [ ] fix emdf_ocean for small ap = False (causes many divergent values)
- [X] check pelletier paper on Sobol: they don't do much 
- [ ] check 2nd order sobol indices
- [ ] 

Discussion with Maurice Brémond (automatic diff tool Tapenade):
- réécrire fontion cout en fortan
- appliquer tapenade dessus --> obtenir l’adjoint (mieux que le tangent)
    - il y a une option pour avoir tout dans le même .f90. Mieux pour éviter les pb de compil. Si ça bug trop, utiliser l’option pour séparer, mais il faut mettre tous les fichiers à compiler à la main
- utiliser f2py pour avoir cout et adjoint en python
- utiliser cout et adjoint pour MCMC
  
- [ ] Implement Hightune ??


- [ ] redo the two inferences with NaN fixed (start with 3 parameters Cent, ap0, wp_bp)

# Benji
- [X] implement MCMC
- [ ] methods to diagnose MCMC (check how good the MCMC is): put it in appendix of paper
- [ ] how to save MCMC - MAP


# Sobol
- [X] plot results
- [ ] check if WANG1 is working
- [X] check default params comapred to paper
- [X] test sentivity to nulber of samples, for FC500 only : OK, z indices are very well converged at N=4096 but...
- [ ] (optional) do sensitivity to mean_u and mean_v outputs for WANG1
- [ ] compute total sobol index ? Since 1st index can 
- [ ] check openturns library to look for explanations on SA.   
- [ ] refactoring of the code: separate sample generation and saving from Sobol computation
